update docs for org-scoped API keys (#339)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/trace-with-instructor.mdx

```shell
export LANGSMITH_API_KEY=<your-api-key>

> # For LangSmith API keys scoped to more than one workspace, specify what workspace is being used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# For LangSmith API keys linked to multiple workspaces, set the LANGSMITH_WORKSPACE_ID environment variable to specify which workspace to use.
```
What do you think of updating these comments to this?
